hey what's going on everybody say hey
and welcome to some more sharpshooter
actually this time we are playing some
sharp shooter and slumps and we started
off with the Peacekeeper with the reflex
side and the suppressor noun all honesty
this set up it's pretty easy but I just
don't like the Peacekeeper it just
doesn't do a lot of damage I don't
really like it for that reason I mean
I'm more of a guy that uses slow firing
weapons with high damage like the scar-h
then a slow firing weapon like the
Peacekeeper with little recoil but also
little damage it's kind of like the m27
but then worse that's just how it is
this gun is pretty much the m27 but it's
worse it doesn't look cooler though or
at least I think that it looks cool i
really like the white camo pretty much
because it's something different it's
something you don't see very very often
hopefully ghost will have many more
awesome cameras actually I mean
battlefield 4 has so many different
cameras I can't wait to goof around with
those actually that's going to be great
going to be great I actually have access
to the early beta that will launch on
Tuesday actually October the first if
you do also have access to the early
beta maybe should have sent me a message
actually either on here or on Facebook
or Twitter because I do need some people
to play with actually that is on the pc
of a lot mistaken or on the xbox i don't
even know how that works maybe i could
just connect my origin account with the
xbox and then downloaded like thats
that'd be a lot better actually because
i'm far better on the xbox than I am on
the pc or at least when it comes like
Battlefield 4 cuz better things for the
lead players play on the pc which a bit
of a problem because I'm much more of
like a casual battlefield player I don't
really play that often but when I do
it's usually pretty fun Cole duty can
get frustrating I really have that with
benefield but I guess that's mainly just
because I'm not very good at it like I'm
pretty decent at call of duty which is a
reason why I get annoyed with this game
because I know exactly when I should win
or lose a gun fights I know exactly
how that works so you know that's a bit
of a problem that i have with like Call
of Duty that I don't have with other you
know other first-person shooters pretty
much really any other game man this spot
is overpowered there goes another one I
got really lucky there though not gonna
lie that's not the one behind me yeah
there's definitely one behind me another
one a really brutal metal we might be
able to get a nuclear there we go there
we go okay we're getting really been
closed right now cuz I'm getting nervous
again is that the nuclear yeah that's
the nuclear pushing freakin sweets okay
I've never gotten a sharpshooter nuclear
actually but this spot is incredibly
overpowered I'm not gonna lie it really
is intensely overpowered at some another
unstoppable another one and another one
crazy ass game not gonna lie i feel like
such an asshole right now just for
sitting in this spot the entire time but
my god oh there we go I just stop
talking for a second right there cuz a
car was driving by because right now i
can edit it out it's pretty much and
another one I can't edit that out I was
talking ok so this guy took over my
spots oh no wait he can't hit me right
now oh crap he can hit me I just can't
hit him worst case scenario yep that
really was the worst case scenario i
couldn't kill that guy but he could kill
me that's just bad that's just bad
another car really what's up the cards
all of a sudden well i still managed to
get a nuclear self screwed you know i
gotta reload just give me a minutes are
you kidding me right now are you going
to mess up my entire score line one
minutes before the end of the game just
don't
just don't okay come on yes so nice to
get a kill what is this SMR a cup sides
that's actually pretty since I'm a girl
I is a pretty decent setup you know that
guy's a of cave and I mistaken you
should probably see we can kill him this
was a very very dumb move on my behalf
I'm just messing up my score line right
now which is a bit sad actually I'm so
sorry I can't help it i'm still gonna
post it is because i got a nuclear
there's pretty sweet so hopefully you
guys did enjoy that pretty badass streak
actually there we go got one more kill
anyone else going to spawn over here
hopefully nuts cuz then i will probably
just died again come on set one step
forward and then i'll kill you anyway 41
in five you know the score line isn't
the greatest but we did manage to get a
Nuke loose that was pretty sweets if you
enjoyed the video a like rain would as
always be damaged appreciate it if not
that is of course school as well I might
actually trying to record some more
sharply gameplays you know what I want
to record some more anyway I hope you
have enjoyed and I hope
to see some of you next time to get easy
you